You are now an expert on the subject of data consumers.
In this section, we'll bring it all together.
As mentioned in the problem statement,
the Peer-to-Peer Car-Sharing Company,
what will be their business goals?
Focusing on safety and security of car owners and car renters,
they would want to make sure that they are financially
compliant and have smooth payment mechanism for car owners and renters.
Safety and security will be the focus of risk and security team.
Financial compliance will be of accounting team,
and smooth payments of payments team.
To ensure safety and security,
risk and security team will be interested in customer and car owners screening.
To ensure financial compliance,
accounting team will be maintaining books and create accurate balance sheets.
One other aspect of payments will be seamless payments to car owners,
payments team will focus on that.
For screening, risk and security team will have to have customer data such as name,
contact information, license details.
For car owner, they would like to have name,
contact information, and car registration details.
Accounting will be interested in knowing all the cost and revenue earned from customers.
Payment teams would like to know account details of car owners,
terms of payments and amount to be paid.
Data needed by all these groups happen to be entity data,
and this data will be stored in relational tables.
Entity modeling is a bit complex.
We have customer table,
car owner who is our partner here,
we have for them a partner table.
We have a table having partner payment information,
a table for car details,
and a table for booking details.
Let's look at primary keys.
For customer table, it is customer ID,
for partner table, it is partner ID,
for partner payment, it is partner payment ID,
for car table, it is car ID,
for booking table, it will be booking ID.
For car owner screening,
risk and security team will combine partner table
with partner payment table and car table.
The information provided in these tables can
be combined and used for partner verification.
Fraud algorithms can be built to detect anomalies.
Similarly, customer screening can be done using the information in
customer table along with Facebook and Google login details.
Again, some [inaudible] modeling will be needed that will be
used for these parameters to detect inconsistencies.
Accounting can calculate cost and margins using booking table.
From booking total, daily rental cost,
taxes and fees will be subtracted to get margin.
All this will be aggregated on monthly and weekly basis
to make financial entries in books, and finally,
payments team will combine data from: booking table,
car table, partner table,
and partner payment table.
They want to get details of against what payment needs to be made and to whom?
They will use booking table to get what actually needs to be paid, which is margin,
taxes and fees subtracted from booking total,
and this brings us to the end of quiz.